Could you do me a quick favor? If you're
listening to this, please hit the follow
or subscribe button. It helps more than
you know, and we invite subscribers in
every month to watch the show in person.
People know Jack, mate, for being the
guy to slag stuff off, and that's funny.
And then when the content dried up,
well, I've now got to go and look for
someone who's doing something wrong. You
can only do that for so long before you
just hate yourself.
Didn't really get on with my mom. She
would do and say things that I don't
think any mom should really do. things
would happen at home and I'd have like a
mark on my face like from someone that
shouldn't have given me that mark. I
made a video reacting so well as advent
calendar. That changed the game for me
and the the upload before that I was
going to quit. I struggle with um health
anxiety and OCD. There's probably 15 to
20 times a day where I actually convince
myself that I have cancer.
So, you're too fearful to go and get a
health check done?
If I go there and the doctor's like,
"Yeah, you're ill." Then that's the end
for me.
What do you mean that's the end for you?
[Music]
Jack, give me the uh give me the context
on your life. You know, I I sat here
yesterday with Israel Adisa and he told
me about his childhood. Um and there was
hints of that that really kind of felt
similar to the experience that I read
you've had as as a young man as well.
And then also I think the other one
where I could see real distinct
similarities and I think you might have
listened to this podcast is Jimmy Carr.
Yeah. Yeah. What a man.
Yeah. What a man. Right. He's like I
didn't realize he was he was going to be
such a philosopher. One of the things he
said to me was you know when someone
becomes a comedic figure which I
consider you to be in many respects. I
think you Yeah. Good. Okay. Um he he
says that instead of asking because
there's you know there's this kind of
stereotype that the person themselves is
struggling with something and they're
trying to make other people laugh. He
said to me, as you might have heard, he
said, "You've actually got to ask them
which one of their parents they were
trying to please or to to make happy."
Does that resonate with you at all?
Um, yeah. I mean, upbringing didn't
really get on with my mom, I don't think
she truly understood the potential in
YouTube, whereas my dad always did. So,
when I was sort of like like I guess How
old are you, Steve?
29.
29. Okay. So, I'm 29 in like two weeks
time. So like we we were kind of like
the first kind of content creators in a
way like we we kind of like paved the
way if you will. Some people did.
Yeah. I was late to the party.
Well, people like Charlie is so cool
like did and I just followed them I
guess. But um yeah, my mom didn't really
get
she might she might argue this point. I
don't know. But I don't think she really
saw the um the potential in what I was
doing. So I was just some kid in my
bedroom just talking to a camera just
waffling not getting a real job sort of
thing. and um she has she has her issues
and stuff with alcohol and whatnot.
Ended up kicking me out. Long story
short, um I was kind of at a crossroads
at some point quite early on, maybe like
18, 19, where I was living in my uncle's
box room at his at his um flat, which
isn't the nicest environment in the
world, I think he wouldn't mind me
saying. And then I kind of thought,
okay, I have to try and take this
YouTube [__] serious. And at that time,
I didn't know what the YouTube [__] was.
So, ever since that moment, I think the
pivotal moment for me was I bought a
whiteboard.
I bought a whiteboard and that changed
that. Yeah, that that changed
everything. And because I never took
YouTube serious like a job, like a 9
to5. It was always something that I
would just
just do just just moan about something
or take do a funny take on something or
whatever. So, I bought a whiteboard,
chopped it up into a month and wrote my
plan. And then I think it was in like
2012, I had this thing where I was like,
I'm just going to say yes to anything
that comes in my inbox. And I just for
365 days just did. And then ever since
then, it's just felt like I'm on this
weird kind of I've still not worked it
out. Like you've got your [__] together,
Steve.
No, I haven't. No, I haven't.
Look how many cameras there are.
It doesn't I think cameras isn't, you
know, an indication of having my [__]
together. But okay, I take
You're a dragon. It's mad, isn't it?
Yeah.
Just the word dragon, like that's
mental.
It is. It is crazy. You've just reminded
me of how much I resonated with what you
were saying because I had a really
um what's the right word?
I had a a real issue with the fact that
my mother was so different,
right,
and so challenging at times. Like, as I
write about in my book, showing up to my
school in her lingerie when I was maybe
seven years old.
Yeah.
And things like that.
and and I've always
really wanted to have a normal family
and a normal
mother and that kind of thing. And I
kind of I kind of got that from reading
your stuff. And there's a couple of
things where you talk about some of the
challenges you think she has,
which I also think my mother has.
Oh, wow. Really?
She's actually started to talk a little
bit about that.
Yeah.
Um, sorry. Yeah. I don't know if my
mom's ever been diagnosed with it. Um
cuz there's always been kind of like
rumors and that that that's the case and
I've cuz I've not been a part of her
life in the past like 8 n years. I don't
know.
Oh, you haven't?
No, not really. I see her at like my nan
at Christmas time and stuff, but there's
always a very awkward kind of vibe where
now it's kind of just like nodding
terms. And for someone who's your mom,
that's a weird that's a weird thing to
be. Yeah. It's just it's just Yeah.
Growing up, it's just you hit the nail
on the head there when you said about
your mom. like she would do and say
things that I don't think any mom should
really do. And it's hard now because at
what point do you at what point is it
water under the bridge? Like at what
point do you go, "Okay, I'm just going
to
make up with her." Sounds very like
juvenile and stuff, but when so much has
happened in your past, how when is the
day when you go, "Okay, I'll accept you
again now." And she sees that cuz she'll
text me every now and then. But my worry
is that because she's always struggled
with alcoholism,
she'll text me at half 11 on a Saturday
night. I want to get that text message
at 10:30 on a Tuesday morning. I don't
want to get it at 11:30 on a Saturday
night. So, I won't reply and then she'll
just assume that there's a lot of
animosity still there. And I guess there
is. But yeah, it's funny cuz I sat here
actually I think yesterday with my
sister and I don't see my sister much. I
think I see my sister once a year. And
my sister really wants me to kind of
like reconnect with my mom and like get
back on good terms with her. But um for
the exact for the I think it sounds like
pretty similar reasons to you. I was
trying to explain to my sister that like
I need to have boundaries with everybody
in my life, not just like my friends,
but also with my family. And at at some
point you've got to protect yourself.
Yeah. from going back around the [__]
you know like taking them back in
forgiving them for whatever they might
have done for you done to you and then
getting sucked back in because you know
you're
you've fallen for this trick once
almost.
Yeah. Oh mate I've fallen for it too
many times. Yeah. And and I really got
my life together and I started on this
kind of trajectory where I am now once I
left home. That was when it was kind of
like okay you need to make this work or
you you you're just done. You're just in
your uncle's box room forever sort of
thing. So if it weren't for my mom, I
wouldn't have bought that whiteboard.
Yeah. What a pivotal moment. What about
your dad? I I heard that story about
watching the World Cup. And that was
Yeah. My my dad's quality. My dad is
quality cuz he's been through a lot of
stuff in his life. So I don't know if
you know, but my dad went to prison for
manslaughter when he was young. Very
young. Um yeah. Got in got in a fight
with um with with some some bloke
outside a pub. Got in a in a in a
dispute and uh hit him and the guy fell
and and passed away. And that plagues my
dad now because they're just two kids
fighting in a in a in a pub car park.
Like so he went to prison. He came out
and he's just he's just a grarafter.
Like that pains him inside. He has to
live every day with that. Obviously it's
not right what he did but um I'm never
I'm never going to say that. But he's
brought me up with a lot of morals and
it's taught me if you ever get in any
fights like you run away. Like you don't
need to be the big man like like he was.
And he's always had my back from day one
and he's he's like my best mate. So, for
example, like when I first got my my
first YouTube check through, I think it
was like $60 was like the threshold that
you had to get back in the day.
And I think I got paid so that £45 quid
or something. And um
I'm from a I'm from a council estate.
Never had any money. And I got that £45.
And instead of giving my mom any money,
I just went to Top Man, bought some
t-shirts. Like you remember them old
sort of t-shirts with the color?
Yes. With the little buttons down here.
Oh my god. I wanted every color. Like
the collar was different color to the
top.
Yeah. And the buttons were different
colors. Yeah. And I and I got a couple
of those and um I was I was in my room
and I remember my mom coming in and
having a go and being like, "Oh, you
should give me like half of that or
whatever." And then she went, "And
you've just wasted it on [__]
t-shirts." And I had done that. That is
literally what I'd bought. But my dad I
remember my dad coming in and going, "He
needs those t-shirts cuz he can't be
wearing the same stuff in all of his
videos."
And it was like he didn't know if that
was why I was buying them or not. But
like he he'd literally just made up a
reason to to apply it to my YouTube
channel and justified why I was like why
did I have to justify at that age why
I'm buying t-shirts? But my dad just
knew from the off. I I guess none of us
really knew the potential in YouTube
back in the day. We were all just sort
of testing the waters and just having
fun. But I feel like my dad kind of had
an idea that I he he trusted that I saw
something in it even if he didn't. So I
owe him a lot in that respect. So now
when I see him, if I've been doing good
in my life, bad in my life, if I've
Yeah, I'll tell him everything and he'll
just give me the best advice ever. And
yeah, it's just I'm glad I had him
because he was very much the the
counterwe.
I really vividly remember the moment
when my dad called me to the kitchen
table and basically said, "I don't love
I don't love your mother."
Right.
Like I can almost remember what I was
wearing. And I remember from reading
about your story that there was a moment
where your dad basically said, "I'm
going to leave after this football
match."
Yeah. Yeah. head during the World Cup
final, 2006 I think it was when Italy
won on penalties and Saddam did that
head.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um
Yeah. So my mom would always kick him
out. Yeah. She'd always just when she'd
had enough, kick him out. And it was
very much a case of I think my dad loved
my mom more than my mom loved my dad.
And my dad was I think he'd admit he was
like the the kind of like lap dog that
would come running back. My mom would
kick him out and he'd come back and it'd
be k I'd see it I'd see it as a kid like
them having an argument. he'd be kicked
out so unfairly like and I would just I
wouldn't be able to work it out. But I
kind of understood it because I was on
the receiving end of that kind of
judgment and and stuff sometimes. So I
remember he would she'd always kick him
out and he'd go around his friends and
I'd go and visit him at his friends and
again he had a little box room as well
and he hated it and he was a proper
grafter working all the hours under the
sun. So one day he just went, "She's
going to kick me out again and I'm and
I'm just gone and then and I'm just
going to go and he and luckily like he
didn't travel to the other side of the
world. He just went to a town 30 30
minutes up the road." But yeah, we was
watching a football game, World Cup, and
I thought I better enjoy this cuz it's
going to be different after this. And I
think it was a bit different after that
cuz I think
if if home life was ever bad, he was
always the one that I'd be able to chat
to about it and that. And then after
after that, it's a good job. thought it
was a good football game. Otherwise,
that would have been [__] wouldn't it?
Was there um was there a point you got
to where you kind of wanted your parents
to separate for because I I fought it
for a long time and I was like I
remember crying my eyes out as a kid at
the prospect of my parents separating
and then I remember I think maybe
getting to like 14 or 15 where I was
like I'd actually prefer you guys to not
live in the same place.
Yeah, I think that's accurate to me.
Yeah. I I I don't know. I'm just looking
back and seeing it differently. But I
don't think I gave a [__] really when it
happened. I think it I'd all I'd always
see them break up and get back together
and break up and get back together. And
I think like
I'd see my dad like stay up all night
writing my mom love notes and stuff and
she'd wake up and not not be asked get
get rid of him. And I'd see that side of
it. As a kid, I don't think that should
have been a side that I I did see
necessarily. Um the the rejection from
from her for someone that she's supposed
to love. So when he when he was gone, I
was kind of like, "Yeah, go fly."
Yeah. Yeah. And then he met his his new
partner who's lovely. And then ever
since then, that's been a little haven
as well, just going around there and
just venting and stuff. So
did you ever figure out why why she was
the way she is? Did you ever try and
figure it out? Was it like a
generational thing that was her parents
or something or something had happened
to her?
I don't know. Because her mom, my nan,
is the loveliest woman in the world. So
I see my nan all the time. I've got her
tattooed on me there. Um,
so I don't know where it came from. I
just think she's she just has or she had
she might be completely different now,
but she definitely just had issues. And
I don't know whether that's drink,
drugs, whatever that may be. Um,
maybe I haven't given her enough time to
actually think about why she's like that
really. I don't know.
And she's never had help or anything
like that.
Not that not as far as I know. No, not
as far as I know. But my life has been
richer and mentally I've been a lot
healthier with without her in my life,
which sounds horrible. Um, but that's
the that's the truth of it. Maybe one
day we'll be able to sit down and talk
it all talk it all through, but not not
today and probably not tomorrow.
What about school? You in school? What
were you like?
Uh, just a little I was quite short
actually. Little ginger um [__]
really.
I was all right. I was all right.
Yeah. I just I would just show off to
the cool kids. I'd want to be I'd want
to be accepted a lot. So I'd show off to
the cool kids and I remember I used to
always like say what I think were funny
little oneliners and not get a laugh.
And then once I put a ruler in a fan and
it went and I got the biggest laugh ever
and I thought what is this like what
what am I doing? So I just became a bit
of an idiot in the last few years and
was just trying to make the the cool
kids laugh. So there there is a lot lot
of regret for how I was at school as
well cuz I wasn't a bully. I'd never say
I was a bully but I was a bit of a prick
to teachers as well. And there was one
teacher in particular, I just go in her
class and I just wouldn't be asked and I
would just never listen and she'd try. I
wonder if in a in a weird way like
she'll stumble across this video and uh
Miss Chapman was her name, English
teacher, and I'd love to reconnect with
her and just apologize cuz I I mean or
we all were, but that was no
justification for me individually, but I
was just a bit of a prick. I would never
listen. And I guess being ginger and
every everyone's got things that people
like get picked on for as a kid, but you
you try and you try and fit in. So I I I
tried to fit in by being the the class
clown, the funny one. And that's such a
cliche. And I hate when people say they
were the class clown cuz what that
translates to is you were just a bit of
a [__] And that's but that's what I
was. So
yeah, Miss Chapman, if you're if you're
watching this, I apologize. You were
great.
I hope she is.
I hope she is. Was it just because you
were ginger though and you were being
picked on a little bit that you were
trying to like find a way for them to
appreciate you? Was that you think that
was it?
Yeah, I discovered bleach. Bleached my
hair and
I relaxed mine so it was straight. No,
I'm just I'm just cool with this short
afro thing,
right? Yeah. Well, yeah. I Yeah, I
discovered bleach and then I remember
just going to school the next day like
that scene in Bruce Almighty where I'm
like birds are flying on me
and I was Yeah, I was a different person
then. Um Yeah. And then and then but
then I was predicted all the top grades
like I was predicted like 12 GCSEs or
whatever it was like top marks in
everything and I just completely [__]
it really and got like five just scraped
it. So um yeah I was a bit a bit bit of
an idiot really. I only sort of took
life serious after school when Thank god
I found YouTube because God knows what
I'd be doing if I didn't.
Was was there a connection in your view
when you look back between your home
life and your school life? I think cuz
you said was it year 10 or 11? can't
remember that things kind of went
downhill for you. I wondered if there
was there there was a link at what with
in your mind of what was going on at
home and what you know your school
performance decline.
Um I I maybe maybe I could I could sort
of blame home life, but I I I I probably
wouldn't. I'd probably just say it was
more a case of wanting to fit in,
discovering at an early age I wanted to
be the funny one. I've always been the
center of attention as well or wanted to
be the center of attention I should say.
So, as soon as I discovered, oh,
self-deprecating works and putting
myself down works, that gets a laugh.
I'll do that. And then you're invincible
then because if people are calling you
a ginger [__] if you call yourself a
ginger [__] before them,
disarming.
Yeah. Now I've got the cards. Yeah.
Yeah. So I don't think the home life the
home my home life affected school
probably the early years in in high
school because like not to go into too
much detail but like things would happen
at home and I'd have like a mark on my
face like from someone that shouldn't
have given me that mark and I'd go to
school and say the cat done it and I
didn't have a cat. So so it's like that
really I think that really affected me.
There's little things as well, like I
remember like I had these ornaments,
Snow White and the Seven Dwarves. I
don't think I've even seen the film, but
I love these ornaments and then I'd done
something at home that was naughty or
something. Stayed up too late or played
the PlayStation too much. And then
someone came in and threw the threw the
shelf down and smashed those ornaments.
And I remember as the shelf was on the
floor, I remember think I was only a
kid. I was probably like 10, right? And
the shelf was on the floor. There's a
big standing bookshelf. And I was I
remember thinking, "Please, please don't
say those ornaments are broke. I I love
them for some reason." And I remember
lifting it up and they were all broke.
And that was the moment where I was kind
of like, "I [__] hate this shit." So,
I remember going to school and having to
deal with stuff like that. Um, but in
the in the later years when I kind of
had YouTube and found my feet a little
bit more and who I wanted to be, I found
it a bit easier even if I was pissing
the grades up the wall, so to speak. Do
you ever worry because I something I as
I've gotten older I think as we get
older sometimes the like some of the
earlier things we learned about love or
relationships or how you treat people or
how you respond or your temper they they
can sometimes um surface and you cuz I'd
have moments where I'd see parts of my
parents and myself that I maybe didn't
love. Have you ever got seen glimmers of
that home life that you think in
yourself when you go [__] I don't want
to be that person? That's that's such an
amazing question that is like that's so
that me me and my sister have discussed
this as well because I have I have
because I because I
separated from my mom so to speak at
quite quite an early age just after
after school. I think I've lost all of
her her traits that I had in me because
they were such negatives to me. I really
noticed them like her biggest negatives
like stood out like a sore thumb. So I
actively had to not take them on myself.
Um whereas my sister, she had a she had
quite a few of her her my mom's negative
um traits and we've spoken about this
now as adults and she's like, "Yeah, I
have to actively like whenever I think
like mom would think or do something mom
would do, have to try and get rid of
it." I have a lot of my I give my dad
all the credit. I have so a lot of how I
am is because of my dad, but I also have
my dad's negative traits as well, which
I think he would say. And and my dad not
so much now, but especially after what I
told you about his upbringing and he
anger was his thing. So, and I have I
have that not luckily I have it under
control. It's never going to affect
anyone else or hurt anyone else. But
like for example, if I'm editing and the
software shuts down, I'm like, "Fuck."
Like I'm re like instantly I'm so angry
inside. And Fiona will have to be like,
"Jack, just chill the [__] out. Like
this isn't that deep." And then I'm
like, "Okay, as long as I remember where
I got this from and what if I can
pinpoint it on something, I'm a lot I'm
a lot better." Um, luckily that's never
got me in into any trouble. If I'm out
and someone says anything to me, I I
don't get that. I get it through over
trivial sort of like trivial things.
But yeah, um I definitely do have have
some negative uh traits about me from my
parents.
Have you ever gone to like therapy or
spoken to anybody to try and understand
these patterns or to spot them or
anything? Or is it just from like
self-reflection that you've noticed?
Um I did I did anger management classes
at school. Oh, really?
Yeah. Um, but for they put me in them
for something I didn't do. I remember
walking in the library once and I was at
the bottom of these stairs and this guy
just gets thrown down the stairs at my
feet and the teachers come in and seen
it and I'd have to do 12 weeks hanging.
I swear to I I promise you I'd done a
lot of like mad [__] at school, but that
was not one of them. I didn't know how I
could throw him and then be down there
before him. He was on my feet, so it
didn't make sense. Um, so yeah, I
remember doing 12 or six weeks anger
management. Um, but I kind of needed
them. So even though I didn't actually
throw down, I probably would have been
the guy to maybe do that one day had I
not had them. I can't remember anything
we spoke about in those lessons, but
yeah, that's the only time I've really
debated it.
Does it does it does it not ever crop up
in in your professional work like anger
issues with uh like colleagues or with I
don't know with people? No, I think I
think I've over the years I've mellowed
out so much. I've I think I've matured
so much as well and I think that shines
through in like my old kind of like main
channel content because I made a name
for myself on YouTube by being kind of
like the anti- YouTuber and like
slagging off other YouTubers and but I I
remember turning on the camera and
putting on such a fake anger because I
was talking about things I didn't care
about. Oh, Ollie White's got some new 30
pound t-shirts. Let's moan about that.
Mainly because I knew I'd get a million
views from it. Not that I cared. So, I
got really good at turning the camera on
and putting this kind of like faux like
anger like fake an like I guess because
I was pretending to be angry all the
time.
I was very alert when I actually was
angry and I could keep that keep that
under control. So,
do you regret any of those videos as
you've matured? You say you've mellowed
out and matured now and you even spot
that you were doing them from like a not
an authentic place, right? Do you regret
them?
Uh, there's some I definitely do regret.
Yeah, the the majority I'd say no. Um,
obviously we we we both know that I'm a
big fan of Ricky Jes and he always one
of his mantras is there needs to be a
why in comedy. Why are you doing
something? If you're targeting someone,
why are you doing it? Like um and a lot
of my early main channel content. Like
for anyone who doesn't know, like I made
a video reacting to Zoella's advent
calendar.
Everybody knows it's got like six
million views, isn't it? Yeah. Crazy.
It did. All right. That changed the game
for me in terms of YouTube. I was I was
going to quit the the the upload before
that. I was going to quit and then I
upload that video and it changed the
game. But like when I look back on
videos like that, I I have no regrets
because it was funny. It the comedy
almost like it wrote itself. Like there
was a reason why I was doing it. It was
it was a sketch. That's all it was. But
there would be times when I fell into
the trap of like, okay, people know
Jack, mate, for being the guy to slag
stuff off and that's funny, whatever.
And then I'd find a few things that
naturally did piss me off and I could
draw humor from it. And then when the
content dried up, it was kind of like,
well, I've now got to go and look for
someone who's doing something wrong and
become this kind of like
sort of white knight of of the internet
sort of thing. And it was like it's
never who I was. So I did I did my first
ever video with Ricky Jes and and and
that was the biggest moment ever for me.
And then I remember uploading the video
and the interview was brilliant and the
top comment was, "This is good, Jack,
but Ollie White's released some new
t-shirts that you haven't spoken about."
And I thought, "Fuck me." So I've got
now that's what you want from me is
that. So then I'd go I'd then go out of
my way to go, okay, Zoella in the title,
Bangs, Views, what is she up to? Oh,
she's released a book. Now, that book,
there was nothing wrong with that book,
but I'm trying I'm actively trying to
pick flaws in it that I can dissect on
my channel. And it's like there that's
kind of like the stuff I I I regret. I
remember KSI and Joe Weller, they did
their when I was trying to be Edgy Boy,
Edgy Boy Jackm, Mate, they did their
first press conference for their fight
and that was in
in Manchester, I think it was. And and
and because I was the black sheep of
YouTube, I would never get invited to
them. So therefore, by default, the
jealousy would take over and I'd be
like, "This is [__] I want nothing to
do with it. Where deep down I knew that
I wanted something to do with that that
whole YouTube boxing scene at I'm a
boxing fan. I'm a YouTube fan. So why
would that not appeal to me? Um and they
did they did a press conference and JJ
he um he said something about Joe
Weller's medication which I don't agree
with but in the context of a press
conference you say anything you can to
get the upper hand. And I remember just
turning on my camera straight away and
was like KSI needs to be cancelled blah
blah blah cuz I knew it would bang
views. But JJ's a hero of mine, as I'm
sure he is to any YouTuber, any content
creator. Joe Weller, I was I I used to
watch every single one of his videos. I
I love Joe Weller. So, they're the ones
I regret when I wasn't be being
authentic and not even really being
funny, just actually trying to go in on
someone cuz I wanted that check at the
end of the the ad revenue to be higher
that month.
When you were doing that, so when you JJ
JJ mentioned the medication thing, you
hit record. Was it like I can make some
money here or was it I can make some
money and get attention?
Probably a bit of both. Yeah, because
they go hand in hand, don't they?
Especially especially on YouTube. So,
probably a bit of both. Um,
it's mad that you're so self-aware about
this like and you're just like you're
really good at diagnosing exactly why
you did it from like a psychological
incentive perspective. You're like, I
wanted this or I did this. I wasn't true
to myself. I did it. And it and that
suggests like you've done a lot of kind
of reflecting and soulsearching and
maturing in what is actually a very
short space of time
because this was only this is not you
know a lifetime. This is not a decade
ago.
That video was probably four and a half
five years ago.
Yeah.
Tops.
Yeah. It's cuz it was I I realized a
couple of years ago it wasn't who I
wanted to be. I was probably I I I
recently did a brand trip with Cal
Freezy and and the burnt um the burnt
chip
and I was speaking to them out one night
and I'd never done a trip with another
YouTuber. I was always YouTubers are
very clicky and they're all in their
groups. Um and I was always on the
outside of that. I was always this boy
from Norwich just have my normal mates
and they surround themselves with
YouTubers and I remember saying to them
one night.
I think the main reason why I used to go
for him is because I wanted to be him. I
I'm I'm one of the OGs. I really am.
I've been doing YouTube
probably around the this to the the same
month that JJ uploaded his first one.
Like we would have been there at the
start and Cal Freezy, Klex, all of these
lads, uh Mini Mina, and I and I probably
I see them become a collective. And I
was like, why am I not part of that?
Like, and now I don't give a [__] I'm
so happy and content with where I'm at.
And I've built my podcast now. But but
as a as a kid, as a even as an 18y old
young man growing up seeing that feeling
left out,
it probably goes back to how I was at
school as well. I thought, okay, if if
if you if you can't join them, slag them
off, become the Darth Vader of YouTube,
so to speak. Um,
yeah. And then in recent years, people
started to discover that other people
that I really respected like Will and
people on you. And then even though Will
was my friend, like it still is my
friend, like he'd call me out publicly
when I'd be slagging someone off and go,
"Have a day off, mate." And I would be
so angry because because it was accurate
and I'm like I'm sat there like so right
and I'm no I'm not bothered, mate. Like
that kind of that kind of thing. So
yeah. Yeah. I was speaking to Cal Freezy
about that and yeah, I've got a lot I've
got nothing but respect for for him.
Wow.
My girlfriend came upstairs yesterday
when I was having a shower and she said
to me that she tried the Hu protein
shake which lives on my fridge over
there and she said it's amazing. Low
calories, you get your 20 odd grams of
protein. You get your 26 vitamins and
minerals and it's nutritionally
complete. In the protein space, there's
lots of things, but it's hard to find
something that is nice, especially when
consumed just with water and that is
nutritionally complete and that has
about 100 calories in total while also
giving you your 20 grams of protein. If
you haven't tried the Hel Protein
product, do give it a try. The salted
caramel one, if you put some ice cubes
in it and you put it in a blender and
you try it, is as good as pretty much
any milkshake on the market just mixed
with water. It's been a game changer for
me because I'm trying to drop my calorie
intake and I'm trying to be a little bit
more healthy with my diet. So, this is
where Hu fits in my life. Thank you, Hu,
for making a product that I actually
like. The salted caramel is my favorite.
I've got the banana one here, which is
the one my girlfriend likes. But for me,
salted caramel is the one. You not only
did the whole YouTube thing, but you
also provided this like online
commentary almost constantly about how
you were feeling about it. So, you were
one of the the sort of rare YouTubers
that like in real time would say, "I've
lost motivation for this. I'm going to
try and find my motivation for this.
I've lost motivation for doing this kind
of thing. I'm doing that." You know what
I mean? And you were very open. So, even
for me, I as I logged into Twitter, I
could kind of see where you were on this
journey. Obviously, I've seen that
change a lot with the whole podcast and
the Spotify thing, which feels like you
really found something that you do find
like really enjoyable, but with your
main channel,
I watch you go through these waves of
enjoyment and then seeing you say,
"Right, I'm going to try and commit to
it now and then that didn't really
work." And then,
so tell me about that journey with
YouTube and and what you learned about
yourself from that.
Oh god, it's really good questions. It's
got to be said like, "Wait till you come
on my podcast. Your favorite sandwich."
I genuinely have watched it and and this
is why I kept trying to you know messag
you like come on my podcast because
that watching that journey taught me so
many things and it really reconfirmed a
lot about for me that I've been reading
about in psychology about what keeps
people motivated and when they're not
doing things that are in line with who
they are or where they're doing it for a
check I remember reading this study
which said if you love doing something
and then they pay you to do the exact
same thing you lose your motivation. So
the minute it goes from being a hobby
I'm doing for the love of it to a hobby
that I love doing but now someone is
paying me for,
there's this weird thing that happens in
the mind where people lose motivation
for the exact same thing.
Go going off that and I'm not sure if
this answers your question, but I found
this really interesting. I couldn't
really work it out myself.
I spent my whole YouTube kind of main
channel era like just saving up all my
money. Just saving up all my money. Like
the only thing I was I had the blinkers
on. I was like, "Buy a house, buy a
house, buy a house, buy a house." And
last May, I paid for my house and bought
it outright. And
that was the last time bar one. That was
the last time I uploaded.
Really?
Yeah. It was like It's called a rival
fallacy, I think.
Yeah. Yeah.
And Tyson Fury has had it about um when
he beat Klitschko and became the
heavyweight champion of the world. The
next day he was depressed. Israel had
sat there yesterday and said the same
thing. Really? He said, "The day after I
won the UFC title, I went to my hotel
room. I was depressed." Yeah. I said it
last night on stage at the palladium. I
said, "A Olympians when they get the
gold medal, they they report depressive
symptoms."
Yeah. It was the most proud proudest
I've ever been over anything. And paid
paid it off. And then me and my partner
Fiona, we we moved in in September. And
I just I remember just I was drunk one
night and I remember just walking around
my house when Fiona was asleep and I
just
I just didn't care for the for where I
was. Like it's a beautiful house and I'm
so lucky and it's everything I'd worked
for but it was like what do I do now
then? Like what do I where like what
I'll sit on my sofa or going go in my
kitchen. Like I just know I I'm not any
happier than when I was renting or
it was it was weird. So
have you figured out why you felt that
way?
No, I know. I Nah, I don't know. I don't
know. It's it's because it's because the
journey is way more fun than
Amen.
Yeah. than than than the arrival that it
it just it just is there. The the most
fun I've ever had is probably the first
time I got a viral video or the first
time I got to present for this company
or first time I got a brand deal. Do all
the stereotypical YouTuber things. The
first time I felt like a YouTuber. They
they're the best moments. And it's I'm
not I'm not complaining. I'm not sitting
here and whining. And I'm so blessed and
so lucky. And
yeah, it is a it is a tough one. It is a
tough one. But like I did my my kind of
like sound bite that I always sort of
say is I did YouTube for seven years
without earning a penny.
And then and then once the Zoella video
kicked off and the ad revenue went up
and I earned money I would never I could
never dream of earning that that was no
more fun than when I was doing it for
for free.
And it's funny because the the I guess
the the liberating thing to know is that
everyone I've sat here with says the
same thing. So it's not a you thing,
it's a human thing. thing and so you go
okay if it's a human thing what does
that mean and why is that one of the
things because I was writing my show for
the Padium I I encountered was that the
reason why we're here is because our
ancestors struggled forward and their
desire to keep striving is the reason
they built these empires and overcame so
I say to the crowd I say is it
conceivable that they left a message
within our genetic code that says you
too shall struggle forward and they've
kind of like predisposed us to like
forward motion and also this other point
like the our ancestors are ancestors
that had a a real sense of what really
liked forward motion, struggle and
purpose were the ones that survived and
passed on their genes to us. So we've
we've inherited this real desire to have
forward motion and a sense of purpose.
And one of the things they say is
causing the life expectancy to decline
in the western world is specifically
they they they point at men and say
there's a epidemic of purposelessness as
the world is starting to change and AI
and things like this are I'm pointing at
the little robot that's moving moving
around the room on its own are taking
purpose from people and so people are
now becoming more addicted and depressed
and they're for their suicide has become
the single killer biggest killer of men
under the age of 45 which has caused the
life expectancy to decline for two years
in a row and it's because of they I
think this epidemic of purpose
listeners. So when you lose your sense
of purpose because you reach the the
point you're aiming for that can be so
disorientating and confusing as it was
for me at 25 when someone came along and
said we'll buy a social chain off you
for 50 million and I go home and I look
at the the mansion on Right Move and the
Lamborghini on Auto Trader and I feel
totally [__] lost. I I completely I
completely agree. Like I I I wouldn't
change it for the world. is everything
I've I've always always wanted. But like
cuz cuz I I think I think money does
money does buy happiness. And I think if
people say otherwise, I think they're
talking [__] Like in a way like Well, I
Well, maybe I should rephrase that to to
money buys freedom.
Yeah.
And freedom is is is happiness. And
that's what what I have now. I have can
do what I want when I want. The best
feeling I I I get now as a 28-year-old,
soon to be 29y old is when I sort my
family out.
And
like my granddaddy's still working. He's
20. He's 70 um 77 20. Imagine that. He
wishes
he's 70 he's 77. He's a big fat lump
from Norfolk and he still does building
and demolition and walks on RS and stuff
and he's not got a penny. And then like
I went to see his parents' grave with
him in February um last year and uh he
goes there every week, puts new flowers
on. He's been doing it for like 50
years. And it's like and I could see he
was he was wearing these beat up boots
and this disgusting tattered jacket. And
I just went home and I just got his bank
card without him knowing from his side
of his car where his handbrake is. And I
got his bank and I just transferred him
£5,000. And for me, that was like that
was just everything. That was like that
was uh everything I'd worked for was
justified in that moment. And I got more
out of that than I did when I bought my
house. And like just little things like
my sister's type 1 diabetic, so she has
like a thing in her arm that constantly
pricks her and finds her her levels. And
I can I can pay for that [__] And yeah,
last night my dog died and the dog that
I'd had for 18 years. Um, and uh, lit
literally like found out just before I
went to sleep last night. And it's
little things like this that might not
seem like a lot, but it was the first
time I'd spoke to my mom in ages and she
was like, "Oh yeah, we're going to get
Diddy's ashes cost £200. There's the
£200." So, it's like that kind of [__]
is like why I owe everything to this
online world and people that have given
up their time to watch me and brands
that have trusted me and stuff and yeah,
that's the best feeling.
I think you nailed it when you said
that. Um, sorry about your dog, by the I
have a dog and I really that really I
can't imagine.
It's [__] Yeah,
it's really [__] Even the thought of it
is just terrifying.
She was 18 years and 4 months, which is
quite old,
but when they get to that age, you just
assume that they're always going to
crack on.
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Um, no, you I think you
nailed it when you said that freedom is
the thing that ultimately does make you
happier because I remember not having I
remember getting the bay of letters and
then not being not knowing how I was
going to eat or knowing that the the
landlord was going to come and ask me
why I had paid the rent in four months
and the pressure that of con that like
weighing on me and the freedom of just
like not looking at how much things cost
when you go into Top Man and want to buy
one of those t-shirts and
that kind of thing or you want to go
somewhere. So freedom definitely makes
you happier. But obviously at this point
I've come to realize that if you gave me
more money, the the fundamental
happiness levers of my life won't
change. Like you're right, like my
sister's been a little bit sick
recently. She she um
um and being able to help her. I said to
my team this week, I was like that's the
moment where I see the point of this
just being able to like pay the hospital
or like get a check, get a get a proper
healthcare, those kind of things. um my
parents got broken into and being able
to buy them like new locks for their
doors so that they wouldn't get broken
into again is is one of those things
where you go that's what this is for.
That's what that's that was the feeling.
Yeah. It it makes it all worthwhile,
doesn't it?
Completely.
Do you do you ever feel
again namerop but I spoke to J about
this cuz I was really I was really
something that plagues me whether it's
right or wrong is I feel guilty about
having money. I feel I feel this sense
of guilt where it's like and I don't
have cra I don't have crazy money. Like
my situation is I paid off my house. I
have a bit more in the bank. Like that's
what it is. But I because because of my
upbringing and where I'm from and I see
my dad wake up at 5:00 a.m. every
morning, go work in a factory for 12
hours and then still struggle to buy
Christmas presents. And then I'm like
you just said, I go online. I don't look
at the price of things anymore. And I
just buy it and then it's like what?
Like this doesn't make sense. I'll tell
you a quick story. Three, four years
ago, my dad's dad, my granddad, he
passed away. He he got um bone cancer or
some kind of [__] cancer. They're all
[__] I guess. And um he I went to his
funeral, went to the wake, had a few
jars, went back home, went on a night
out, and I was in the place called the
waterfront in Norwich, which is where I
always I always go. Uh, I go there
because I'm comfortable because everyone
knows me there now. So I don't get the
[__] come over and whatever. But so
they if if Jackmates's in there, they've
already seen Jackmate hundred times, so
it doesn't matter. And this guy came and
I was I was gone and I was not in a good
place. And this guy came up to me and
said I'd never met him before. And he
asked me how much I earn from YouTube.
And I think it's such a rude question,
but I can understand the intrigue in it
because it's a world that people just
don't know. It's a new world.
I barely know it. And um he asked me and
I just told him for the first time ever.
I was like this is what I earn. I said
what about you? What do you earn? And he
told me and it was like 10 10% of what I
earn. And I said and what do you do? He
said I work in the cancer ward at the
hospital. And I was just like and I
weren't saying what do you do to be
rude. I was just
throwing that back at him. And I
remember just thinking it just hit me.
just got a lump in my throat and I
thought, why
why do I do I deserve this what I have
when there's these people that are like
they're the [__] angels. They're the
ones walk walking around doing that.
Like I just Yeah, I struggled to then
wrap my head around why a brand would
pay me 30k to do a video. Like it
doesn't
it to me it's weird. So I guess you
could argue why don't you give it all to
charity? Well, no, I'm not going to do
that. But I will give it all to my
[__] family and I will give it all to
my [__] kids.
And that's what makes me proud.
Is there This is like a wider point
about imposter syndrome.
Is it?
I I I think so. Because um because I've
never struggled with the idea that I
didn't deserve what I'd created. And I
think so I'm asking myself why you would
really struggle with that. why you might
struggle with
the thought that you're making money and
other people are potentially having to
because I mean it's a reality of the
world even if you go back to where I was
born in Africa people in the fields for
18 hours a day picking tea leaves in the
baking sun get paid nothing and in the
western world some people can just play
around on their computer and make
billions yeah
from the from the stock market or the
markets or something but for some reason
you struggle you struggle with
this and other symptoms of impost
syndrome from what I've read in
May maybe it's
cuz I think I've spoke positively about
YouTubers and my peers and stuff but
there's still a lot of them that are
pricks like and and and and
growing up and seeing like I used to go
to YouTube events and see my YouTube
heroes and they'd come over. How many
subscribers you got? It's the first
thing I'd say. How many subscribers you
got? My name's Jack. Nice to meet you,
[__] Right. So, so I guess I guess
maybe it's connecting that I'm now a
YouTuber. I'm now I I now make my money
in the same way that Alfie Days made
made his money, Ollie White makes his
money. I'm that guy. And because I've
seen a lot of YouTubers take it for
granted and just assume that that's
their right to have these things. It
that's maybe where I get my guilt from.
I never want to lose lose touch of that.
And
and you really come from a working class
like household where you've watched your
dad work really really hard and everyone
around you it sounds like work really
really hard wherever you've looked
and it's almost like you found a bit of
a cheat code or you know
Yeah.
You might feel like life has given you I
don't know
but you you earned it. I mean you bought
the whiteboard.
Yeah.
Right. This was intentional.
The whiteboard shows that you you know
you planned it out. M
obviously moments of luck for all of us
appear when we we start we carry on
carrying on but you realize that you've
earned it right
yeah you do you hesitated you don't do
I I I
do and but not to the level in which
I've got to now not to like yeah I get I
I guess I guess I I I have I have I have
a talent I can do I'm a personable
person I
make people laugh. But yeah, I don't I
don't know. I I don't I really don't
know how to answer it. I get I've
thought about it a lot. I've racked my
brains a lot about this.
And what does your brain do to you when
you rack your brain?
Don't know. Just may may maybe I don't.
But then like it's it's it's cool things
like this. Like Stevie White, my my
podcast co-host was working in Boots.
Nothing wrong with that. It's a
respectable job. Um just a 9 to5. He
didn't particularly enjoy it. Um, so I
call him up one day and say, "Let's do a
podcast." A year later, he's
interviewing Ricky Jves, Johnny
Knoxville, Rob Bride, and he's left his
job. He's doing it full-time. Fiona, my
partner, she was working at a
supermarket. I was telling her for
years, "Bin it off. I'll teach you how
to edit. You become my editor."
Couple of years go by, she bins it off,
she's now working for me. There's a few
examples of people in my life that can
now have an easier life
because of the foundations that I put in
seven years ago. That's
that's what I love and that's when I'm
like I I I des I deserve this and the
people around me deserve it. Does that
make sense?
Of course it does. Once again, you said
that like the most fulfilling thing for
you is helping others, right? You said
that about your family with your money
and now also professionally it's like
giving those people opportunities to
live a
better life.
Yeah. We're just a [__] team. We're
just a team. They help me as well. It's
not just me going, "Look, I can help you
do this." I showed them that there's a
there's a different world out there
because people like us, we've been in
this world for so long. We see the
opportunities, but they probably didn't.
So, yeah, I wouldn't be able to do what
I do without that that that kind of the
the team in the in the background or
sometimes in the foreground with people
like Stevie. But yeah, um that's a
[__] cool feeling. everybody. Um,
everybody, it sounds like it feels like
everybody that's not a YouTuber, and I
say everybody because there's going to
be people listening that are driving up
and down the country right now as
they're listening to this or, you know,
doing the dishes, whatever, and
perfectly happy with whatever they're
doing. But a lot of young people want to
be YouTubers.
And the thought that you had this like
big main channel with like, how many
subs has your main channel got now? It's
like 1.4 or something.
1.4 mill. Yeah.
Yeah. um that that you would like lose
motivation to do it is quite a difficult
concept to understand for a lot of
people. You have 1.4 million people that
have subscribed to get videos from you
and you're like can't be asked.
Yeah. It's not so much can't be asked.
It's just it's not me. It's just it's
just not me anymore. It's people I'd
open up my inbox and people would be
emailing me about some YouTuber from
France who has sold a pen for a bit too
much money and I need to be the guy that
calls them out. And it was just like I
was never I was never really this guy.
So yeah, I I guess I guess I just
transferred all that energy that I was
putting into the main channel into the
podcast. And that's where my passion is
now and doing stuff like this, getting
to sit here and chat to you and
yeah, that's I I get what you mean. Like
if you'd have asked me two years ago,
oh, am I just going to leave a channel
with 1.4 million subscribers stagnant? I
would
I'd call you all the names under the
sun. I'd be like, you're you're an
idiot. Of course I'm not going to do
that. But it seems that I have done it.
I'll use it every now and then. Like in
January, I uploaded a video about Boris
Johnson.
I saw a dope video all over the
newspapers. Really, really cool video.
Like creatively, culturally relevant. It
really like hit and it was fast. You
were very quick to act on that moment.
So, it was uh
that I guess I guess for you probably is
that how you you're seeing the use of
your YouTube main channel now? Like when
you genuinely feel you want to do
something.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. When like when the the why
is there when there's a clear and
obvious why, I'll I'll I'll do it. Um,
and not just for a quick buck. Now I'm
very thankful I don't need to do them
anymore.
It's hard to sustain something when it's
not in line with who you truly are.
It's hard to like sustain it for a long
period of time. In the short term, you
could probably do it, but it tends to be
the case when I say it with people that
at any point in their lives where they
were living outside of themselves, like
living someone else's life or kind of
like Fern Cotton said it like she had to
like go on radio and be this happy d and
um almost play a character. And Jake
Humphrey said it to me as well like
because he was a presenter having to
kind of like
put on the mask eventually it becomes a
really heavy mask to to wear and they
all eventually it seems kind of choose
to throw it away and just rebound and
that seems similar to what you're saying
100%. Yeah. I I
I told this story last night to someone.
I can't remember. I I used to turn the
camera on and I used to go I'd be sat
there and I'd turn the camera on. I'd go
right guys. Hello. It's me Jack mate.
Oh, Zoella. Oh, what a [__] Oh,
she's done this, done that. Turn the
camera off. Just sit there and I
couldn't tell you anything I just said
in the last 20 minutes. I'm just looking
down at my script. She said this in her
book about how out of touch is it? And
it would just be like, "Right, that's
the ad revenue sorted for the month fee.
Let's go to Weather Spoons."
Yeah. So, it was like you can you can
only do that for so long before you just
hate yourself. There is an element of
that in me like that that that the
advent calendar video. I've done some
videos I'm really proud of. Funny videos
when when it was when it was justified,
but there's also ones it's not so much.
I've been doing recent sort of
commentary videos over the last two
years. My my recent ones are like videos
I've been doing with my friend Alfie
Indra who's a m musician. We've been
like sort of taking kind of comical
pokes at people like um Jeremy Lynch
from the F2 and people like that. And
and I
People think I'm Jeremy Lynch all the
Oh, really? You do?
You don't want to be You don't want to
be that guy. You can be Billy. Be the
other one. He seems all right. But um
but the thing with those videos, I'm
really proud of them still. And I guess
you could argue, well, you're that same
kind of like scathing um commentator.
Yeah, but they I I believe that those
people I'm going for, they're justified.
Zoella, not so much. Let her crack on.
You know
what would you say to her if she was
Have you ever met her?
Never met her.
I don't think she wants to meet me.
That'd be an awkward one, wouldn't it?
Is there like is there any because that
video did really well.
Yeah.
And I think if a video about me had
gotten 6 million views, um I think I'd
have a pretty shitty month. I was going
to say week, but I think it would last
longer cuz that video did really really
well. I remember like sometimes someone
will write like an article about me and
I try and be this tough guy. I don't
give a [__] Whatever. Whatever. But I'm
still at the
hard
criticiz
mentally.
Yeah.
Do you ever has that ever like crossed
your mind like ever?
Yeah.
I'm not saying what you did was wrong
because I watched the video and I
actually thought it was really funny. So
it's like was there comedic merit in
someone that's super successful selling
a advent calendar of that nature for
that price? Yes, I understand it. Like
when you talk about the why and the Jace
like philosophy, I get it. But does has
that crossed your mind as well?
Yeah. Yeah. Um that's just another
reason why I stopped doing it. Um it's
hard to I'm not articulate enough to
describe how I feel about it, but yeah,
the the calendar video was funny. there
was a clear error on her behalf and I
just ultimately I I wasn't really saying
anything nasty about her. It was just
this product. Whereas when you do a
follow-up video and a third video,
where's the where's the line? Where do
you draw the line? Is it becoming
bullying now? Like that's not who I want
to be. I want to be a comedian. So So
that I definitely as I've gotten older
and I guess maybe I was immature for a
long time. I should have realized this
at a way earlier age than I did, but you
do start to consider others.
Um, and and I'm the same as you, mate.
I'll read a comment about me on Twitter
and I will clap back and I still go back
to them now and fees there going, "What
are you doing?" And I'm like, "Fuck
him." Like I just like that's a bit of
my dad as well, like and I'll just I'll
I'll spend hours arguing with football
Twitter.
Oh, the worst.
Yeah. Yeah.
They've all got like a football player
as their display picture.
Yeah. Yeah. you call like Fantastic Four
nails or something like that.
He doesn't know who you are.
[__] hell.
Yeah, but I I I get a bit of a rush from
it really.
I I I I worry sometimes cuz I say to
myself I'm trying to reply to a troll to
try and disprove their point or because
it's fun or whatever. But I think
sometimes it's because it's like
hit me in the ego.
Yeah.
And I don't want to admit to myself that
that person's actually pissed me off.
Yeah.
So, I kind of used the guys of no, it's
funny or like no, like to to justify it
to everyone. I was like, I'm not
bothered, but you know, I mean, like
I really I really, you know, the
internet is not a good place to be if
you haven't got control over that cuz
you'll get dragged around by trolls with
egg emoji accounts like
Yeah.
Yeah. I I like I said, Fee is always
telling me not don't [__] I'll be in
bed like that hung over or whatever
Sunday morning going on and Fee will be
like, "Just leave it. They're [__]
idiots." And ultimately, I know they're
probably just jealous of whatever it is.
Like I'll get like a good podcast guest
on. And like the other day I I was in um
I was in Wales with Goen Price. He's the
number one dance player in the world.
And um put a picture up of me and him.
Just put uh in beautiful Wales throwing
a few arrows with Goen Price. And Goen
Price is this panto villain. I don't
know how much you know about darts, but
he's like the panto villain of
the Welsh one. Yeah. That that when he
wins always like then he bum it goes
like this. Big biceps.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um and and and
so he's I'd heard for a while that he's
he's always he's very lovely off camera
but or off the stage but when he's up
there he's a panto villain. I was like
that's pretty much like the jack mate of
dance in a way. So I put up this picture
of him. I was like never judge a book by
its cover. Like I know this more than I
I know this myself cuz I always did just
just this guy replied to bell ends as
well. But he follows me just follows me.
So it was like I I will reply to him and
F's like why are you bothered? Like that
must just be jealousy. like why else are
you well you follow me and you're and
you're doing that like it doesn't make
sense but I I kind of like I like to
think that I'm very very honest online
so why would I not reply why would I not
try and think of some piffy remark to
try and put him down like yeah because
I'm meant to be a professional and I'm
in this world and I'm working for West
Ham but really I also think you're a bit
of a [__] mate and I'll tell you
do you think that because you are very
like um I imagine if like Boris Johnson
and like I don't know another politician
uploaded a photo you'd probably quote
retweet it and say two bellons. So like
do you think there's a chance cuz I I
don't think anyone would ever tweet me
that
like if I do you think there's a because
you've cultivated a younger male
audience that are comedic and they're
like they use kind of kind of
colloquialistic funny language like bell
ends.
Yeah. you you're also now at the mercy
of them attacking you with the same
language in that situation. I'm just
wondering why no one would ever tweet me
if I uploaded a photo go two bell ends.
I just my audience just don't speak like
that episode.
The top comment is two bell ends.
Yeah. You see what I mean? Like and then
you're having to deal with that because
I get what you mean. Yeah. But then
maybe they see a bit of cuz cuz I
Yeah. They think you maybe like that as
well. They think, "Oh, Jack, you know,
cuz he follows you and, you know, he
clearly looks up to you if he he's
following you and
stuff." It's true. It's true. It becomes
more real when you like
when like someone some there'll be
people out there that will defend me on
that thread and they'll say, "You don't
know him." And he'll go, "Well, he looks
like a prick. Look at his trousers." And
then it's like personal.
Yeah. It goes a bit goes a bit deeper
then. But like you are right because I I
would always do um an event called
Summer in the City. It was the only time
I'd ever I'd ever get out of like
Norwich and go and meet the fans and
they'd put you in a pen and there'd be
all these YouTubers in this big hall at
like XL and you'd be in a pen and then
fans would come up one by one and I' I'd
meet like 13year-old girls. You might
want to believe this. I don't know. But
they'd come up to me and go, "All right,
you cunt." And I'd be like, "What have
you just said?" And then but then
because that's what I'm doing online.
All right, you [__] [__] But
they're there to meet me and they want
their thing signed. So they like me, but
they think like But then but then I
wouldn't go up to like I wouldn't go up
to Declan Rice and start doing keep up
around the world. All right, Deus.
Oh my god.
So then you just I just have to be like,
"Yeah, maybe I am a influencer." [__]
Scary scary notion.
No one's ever said that to me in a meet
and greet. Um that's so it's really
interesting. And do you there's an
element of your do you think there's an
element of your childhood in that in in
the sense of like being triggered a
little bit by what people are saying or
the criticisms that you know triggers
you maybe
because I I def I'm thinking about
myself. I definitely wouldn't sit in bed
replying especially now I'm on the BBC
like BBC one is a bit prestigious in it.
I can't really
be popping off too much.
Yeah.
Well yeah probably I probably shouldn't
be either. Do you do do you want to be
the type of person that doesn't?
Yeah, but I can't, Steve. I can't like I
I'll reply to them and then and then Fee
will be like, "Delete them." And then I
and then I'll be like, "No, not going
to." And then in an hour it's like it's
like a comedown. I'm like, "All right,
now I'll delete them." And then and then
in an hour later someone else has said
something. What do you mean? I'm so
mature on Twitter. It's on It's a joke.
There's a real risk there of being like
pulled around emotionally though by the
external world, right? Yeah, I've
deleted I've I've deleted Twitter off my
phone a few times. Um yeah, we went I
went out for a dinner with Max Foch and
um I told him about he was he questioned
it. He was like, "Why do you always go
back at these idiots?" I'm like, "I just
find it funny or they just get to me and
I deleted Twitter off my phone." And he
was like I said, "I'm going to do it for
the whole weekend." And he was like, "I
guarantee that you'll you'll redownload
that by the end of the meal." And I had
did and I was scrolling there looking
through it. So when football Twitter say
we're in your edge, mate. Nine times out
of 10 you are in my head. But I'll try
and get back in yours.
Do you not think it would be a happier
life just to [__] like
100%. Yeah. Yeah. But I guess I get
bored.
Is it that
ego?
Yeah. Quick one. As many of you know,
I've been trying to make my life a
little bit more sustainable as it
relates to energy ever since I sold my
Range Rover Sport and bought an electric
bicycle. And my energy as a sponsor of
this podcast is one of the brands that
make that transition much much easier.
They are at the forefront of British
renewable eosmart technology and their
products are really really changing the
game. If you're on YouTube, you can see
what I'm holding in my hand. This is
called the Eddi, right? It's the UK's
number one solar power diverter. So,
what is a solar diverter? It's a device
for people like you and me. That means
you can divert your excess energy back
into your home rather than back into the
grid, which will save you power and
money. It's super userfriendly and easy
to install, and you can control it using
the My Energy app on your phone. To find
out more about this product and more
products like it that will help you make
that sustainable transition, head over
to myenergy.com. And um I highly
recommend you check out the Eddie. It's
um it's a real game changer for a
product and one that I'm going to be
installing in my home soon. happy hour.
So, this was a really pivotal moment for
you. Where where did that start? Why did
you decide to start doing long long form
podcasts instead of the the other types
of videos you were making before?
I've I've always wanted to interview
people. At college 10 years ago, I I
studied interview techniques. My
granddad was the first person I
interviewed. He came in and I
interviewed him about the war and all
that kind of stuff. And I always wanted
to do it. And then in 2017, I had a
podcast with my friend Tom Norris. Um
done done all right. Uh but it was just
too too too much. Um we were doing it at
the YouTube space and we'd rock up
sometimes and they didn't have the
cameras in and that. So it fell by the
wayside. But then uh 2018 I wanted to do
another podcast. I said to Fee said,
"Who should I do it with?" Cuz I always
knew I wanted to do it with your every
man. So not a YouTuber cuz that's not
I'm not a YouTuber that's been friends
with YouTubers. I'm a YouTuber that's
friends with my mates in Norwich. I'll
do the best video ever with the big
celebrity. Come back to Norwich and I'll
just go, "Yeah, we didn't watch it,
mate. Not bothered." And I'll just be in
the pub and that will be everything I
need to keep me grounded. So I So she
she suggested Stevie White who's um just
a just a mate that lived in Bristol and
uh I called him up and said, "Do you
want to do a podcast?" And he said,
"Why?" So good point.
Good good point. And then and we ended
up giving it a go. I started doing it
with a guy called I'm Alex who's a who's
a YouTuber that was very um
a com he was a commentary YouTuber. So
he was calling out people. He would do
the cookie cutter templates of like X Y
and Zed needs to be cancelled. X Y and Z
needs to be and he was doing that all
the time. So originally my show was a
YouTube drama show to call people out to
be an extension of what I was doing on
the main channel. And then after about
five or six episodes I thought this is
just poisonous and I don't it's not me.
Why am I trying to do it in a different
format? So, we dropped that and started
getting guests on and interviewing
people and I found the love of YouTube
again, which I' which I'd lost for a few
years.
Was there like a pivotal moment in Happy
Hour where you thought, "Fuck, this is
going to be Was it It wasn't the
Spotify. It must have come sooner than
that, right?" Where you thought, "This
is we've got something here."
Yeah. Um, again, it was probably getting
Jes on.
Oh, god. I remember that day.
He he was in our first like three
guests.
Nice. And and I'm so grateful that he
gave me a chance years ago because I
would I genuinely believe I would have
none of this if it wasn't for him giving
me a shot and I built up a connection
with him years ago. So he then when I
needed someone big to come on the
podcast, he would step in and you know
what it's like you get one through the
door. Other people almost then don't
judge the show based on me. They'll
judge it based on who who else is sat in
that seat.
Yeah.
So so I owe I owe a lot to him. So that
was probably a defining moment and
testament to Stevie as well because I've
been doing this for 10 12 years. I've
been around people like J. I've been
very lucky, very fortunate. And I
remember how nervous I was the first
time I sat on the sofa with him. The
first time I filmed with him was the
most nervous I've ever been for anything
in my life. And then Stevie White has
come literally seemingly out of boots
the day before. And then he sat there
with Ricky and he's just just gets it.
He's just on and he's just the glue. And
I was like, I've chosen the right person
here like to do this this journey with.
And then the money side of things. So
eventually you you get approached by
Spotify
and they they offer you um a contract or
a deal exclusive deal to do. And I
remember watching your video announcing
that and you were very very honest.
No, like I think that's probably why
people like you so much because you're I
can trust you because you're going to
tell me the way you go. Listen, we're,
you know, the money is a [__] very
important thing here and you're being
very um overt about that, which I think
is admirable because again, it builds
trust. People don't have to like what
you're saying, but they're going to
trust you. They're going to trust you to
always be honest with them. So, um, what
was your thinking around the Spotify
deal? Because, you know,
I don't know, someday Spotify might
approach me and ask me if I want to um
if I want to go Spotify exclusive and
maybe you can give me some advice on
that. Um,
the reason I did it was purely
financial. I thought it was going to be
a bad idea
and I took some my network who I'm
signed to, they wanted it to happen
because obviously they've got a slice of
the pie.
Did they Did they orchestrate the deal
or did Spotify go to them and then to
you?
Yeah. Okay. And um originally I saw it
as okay, I'm taking off the full visual
episodes on YouTube and just putting
them on an audio-based platform, whereas
a lot of my audience might be the
younger kids and people like me and you,
we probably consume a lot of just audio
when we're on the go and in the car and
that. Whereas I think younger
generations, and I'm basing this on
nothing. You probably know better than I
do, but I imagine younger kids probably
like they're more visual. They like to
watch the So I thought taking it off is
is is probably going to get a lot of
backlash.
And then Spotify told me how much it
would be per year and the potential for
how many years. And I thought, well,
that doesn't just change my life, that
changed my children's life who don't
even exist. So, I literally did it cuz I
was financially driven. Um, and I I've
got no qualms saying that or admitting
that. But what I'll also say is I now
I'm starting to see the benefits a year
in of going with Spotify. And they're
not they've not got a gun to my head. I
can be as honest as I want about it. If
I thought it was [__] I wouldn't have
then signed on for the second year. But
they are now pulling out guests for us
um that I would have never been able to
pull on my own. Up until like two months
ago, I'd booked every single one of my
guests personally on Twitter DMs or
Instagram or whatever. Last few months
they've booked us. Johnny Knoxville as
part of his jackass um Press Junkets. Um
Rob Bryen, Russell Howard, um we've got
talks of some big the biggest movie
stars in the world because of Spotify.
So, as somebody who has always wanted to
sit down with the most interesting
people in the world and pick their
brains, they've offer they've allowed me
that. So,
uh, and they've also said that I can get
the full video on Spotify if I want. And
the only reason I'm not doing that is
for a few things behind the scenes that
I need to,
well, I can say it, can't I? It's cuz
I'm earning money on the YouTube clips.
So, it's like,
you need to give me a little bit more to
take to take that off. So,
needs to be worth your while.
Yeah. Yeah.
I've actually had a conversation with
Spotify about that as well, about that
video thing. And I was I was considering
it. Spotify have said um to me, do I
want to move the video to Spotify as
well,
right?
And again, me and Jack were trying to
weigh up what that means. Does that
because we're not going to get paid for
that on Spotify, but would our
would that does that mean we'd lose
YouTube viewers if we moved it there?
Would people and we kind of concluded
that we wouldn't because we think that
as you've said, they're kind of very
different types of people. The YouTube
watcher is not the necessarily the
Spotify,
right?
People seem to be in their habits. the
like cycles of how they consume content.
I don't know. Don't know. We've been
debating that.
But yeah, but then
I don't know because if I'm listening to
one of your reps, I'll put I'll put
Yeah, I'll put the YouTube version on
even if I'm not watching it.
Same.
Yeah.
Yeah. But then if it was if it was on
Spotify, would I then go to Spotify for
that? Like I I don't I don't know. I I
honestly do not know. I like I like the
arrangement I have now where people can
watch the little clips on YouTube and
listen to the full ones on on Spotify.
It's like advertising as well, isn't it?
Because that can go like viral on
YouTube and then that brings people over
to watch the full thing potentially.
Yeah, for sure.
Which makes a lot of sense. What's your
big vision as it relates to like the
next 5 10 years for Happy Hour.
Um we I want to do a live show.
Oh, really?
Yeah. We've been contacted a few times
about doing a live show, but it just has
to be right. We we actually did like a
like a pilot one in London somewhere a
few years ago, but it was the old show
with Alex and the Yeah. Um so so so I
Yeah, I want to tour it. Um
I want to have a more official chat
show. I don't know what that means cuz I
have a chat show, but is that on
television? I don't know. Is it I don't
know. I want a better studio. I just
want to keep I'm really [__] happy,
mate. So, I just want to keep doing what
I'm doing and and just make it bigger
and better and
just see what happens. I Thursdays,
which is today a day of recording, like
are my best days of the week. Like, I
used to live for the weekend to get
pissed and go out with my friends. Now,
I live for Thursdays cuz I love like
after this we've got go price on mine
and then you're coming on mine as well.
And like I'm so excited for both
conversations. Like that's so I just
want to keep doing it. I It's the most
impossible question when people ask me
where do you want to be in 5 years? I I
want to be I want to be here.
Yeah.
One of the things that um you've also
been really open about especially in
2019 I saw you talking a lot about this
was that was a really tough year for
you, right?
And you talked a lot about your sort of
mental health battles and just not
feeling so good.
Yeah. I I struggle with um health
anxiety and OCD and I remember that was
a time when I was I was really really
low. Um, and again, I think I've touched
on it a few times, but probably going
out a bit too much and doing stuff I
shouldn't have been doing. And and that
that it goes hand in hand, isn't it? You
feel [__] because the OCD is consuming
you. So, you go out to get pissed up, to
have a break, but then the next day it's
anxiety or whatever they call it now, is
um twice as bad. So, yeah, 2019, I
think, was really when that started to
get really bad. And I still have it now.
um it's never going to go away, but it's
a really weird really weird thing to to
deal with.
Health anxiety.
Yeah. So, when I was when I was y 13, I
found a lump downstairs
and um like I I found that like with
with certain words like testicles,
balls, stuff like I struggle to say
them. I physically struggle to say them.
when I'm talking to to Fiona, I'll say
the T word or whatever. And because I I
remember I was up all night worried that
I had the C that I I were panicked and I
was so [__] nervous. I remember going
to the doctor and he had to check it out
and said, "Oh, it's fine. It's just a
cyst. It will go away." And it never
went away. And I still have it now, but
the health anxiety, this is how mad it
is. I can't touch that part of my body.
I can't look at that part of my body. I
can't go that there's probably 15 to 20
times a day where I actually convince
myself that I have cancer. That that's
how that's how crazy it is. It's coming
it comes in it comes in waves. The best
way I can explain it to people who don't
have it is I don't smoke weed. I I I
have done in the past, but like I assume
you you've you've smoked. Yeah. Um for
me, I can't smoke it because I lose my
head. So, you know that moment when your
brain sort of floats off and you stop
being you're conscious but you stop
having your not as alert and then
suddenly you become back to reality for
a few seconds. That's what my brain does
with cancer. So, because I had that that
trigger when I was younger that's really
given me this kind of disorder, so to
speak. And then and then that OCD has
grown and taken so many different
tangents. my granddad who's on my this
arm, my my best mate and my best man,
he'll be my best man at my wedding. He
um he got ill with septasemia when I was
like 14. And I got home and my mom had
told me that he was in the hospital and
I remember I went and saw him, went home
that I had a picture of him and he was
holding me when I was a baby on my wall
and I my lucky number was 13 and I
kissed at 13 times and then a couple of
days later he got better. So that
[__] triggered me and then and then I
could not go to sleep without kissing it
13 times. I've never been a religious
guy. I've I've actively always spoken
about my atheism probably because I was
trying to be a B techch Ricky Jay, but
they are my beliefs still now or lack
of. And I made up a prayer in my head
and I it and I I knew it. It was like
it's it's embarrassing to say out loud,
but it was like, "Dear God, please look
after my mom, dad, nan, granddad,
sister." And then I'd name them all. And
then I I'd have to say it three times.
And even though I wasn't saying it out
loud, if I tripped over a word, even
thinking it, like I thought of the wrong
word in the wrong order, I'd have to go
back and do it again. I went to have a
sleepover around my friends and then
halfway through the night realized,
[__] I haven't kissed that photo of my
granddad, so I have to go home. Like
that's how how mad it is. And now
luckily with the numbers and the
patterns and the sort of more the sort
of more known about aspects of OCD, if
you will, um the more documented parts
of it, I don't necessarily have those. I
obsess over time and sunsets and
sunrise, which is weird, but the cancer
thing is something that really consumes
my life. And if anyone if if there's an
advert come on for cancer research, I
have to shoot up and turn it off. And
it's it's alarm bells in my head. Ding
ding ding ding ding. Yeah, there's been
a few times during this this chat where
my brain's gone off and it's like, oh
things like, oh, if you you need to
write a will or oh, how's what people
what's going to happen to the channel
when you die? like all the little
things. Yeah, it's a weird it's a it's a
strange thing. But I spoke about this
with Joe Weller on my podcast and I've
had hundreds of people DM me on
Instagram saying they have a similar
thing and although I don't reply to all
of them, I try and get my way through as
many as I can. It's deep that isn't it?
Yeah, it but you know on one hand it was
because it's it's it's not a world I'm
thank I'm thankfully it's not a world
that I that I know but I was sat there
thinking oh my god then you can't be the
only one
that's going through that and I and it's
so amazing that you're so honest about
that because there'll be people
listening to this right now that go that
is me and I'm that the concept of health
anxiety seems so alien to me but 15
times a day you said thinking about
cancer or death or mortality
and it's not the prospect of you might
have it it's my brain telling me I do
have it. There's no other outcome. It
will be I'll be chatting to you now and
then it for a minute my head will be
going, "Oh, remember you've got remember
you you're ill. You're Yeah. Oh, [__]
Right. Okay. I need to deal with that at
some point." And then it's almost like a
that that moment when you when you're
when you're high and then you come back
down and it's it's what the [__] and
then I'm back in. There's a rapper
called NF who struggles with OCD and he
talks about them. He puts it into kind
of like he says they're like black
balloons that he's carrying around in
his brain and every now and then one
will float float away or come back and I
really resonate to that. If anyone out
there has got health anxiety and and and
resonate with some of the stuff that I'm
saying today I check out check out NF.
He's got a few songs about health
anxiety and OCD and they're it's pretty
um it's they're pretty good. They're
pretty accurate.
How does someone go about um overcoming
these things or curing them? Is it
therapy? Is there is there other
resources that they can seek?
I have I've never been able to do
therapy in terms of because I because I
don't truly know if I'm ill or not. Um
I can't bring myself to go walk through
the doctor's door because if he if I get
that confirmation I melt down. I
probably [__] do something silly.
Like I don't know. Like so I don't want
that confirmation. So, I'm the worst
person to answer that because I would
actively encourage people to go and if
they have a worry like go and get a lump
checked out. Of course, why would you
not? Or or if you have if you know you
have this health, anxiety, OCD, whatever
mental disorder it may be, I would
actively encourage people to go and talk
to someone, whether that be therapy or
whatever, but I can't do it. So, I can't
practice what I preach. My friend Liz,
she bought me an OCD workbook and I go
through that every now and then and
answer the questions and write things
and Yeah. So, it's a hard one for me to
answer because I'm I wouldn't I wouldn't
be able to practice what I what I
actually preach.
So, you're you're too fearful to go and
get a health check done.
Yeah. I couldn't do it. I couldn't do
it. It's like shop shutters come down in
my brain like that because if I go there
and the doctor's like, "Yeah, you're
ill." Then that's the end for me.
There's no recovery process. That's it.
And that's a mental thing. I know that's
not the right thing. Fiona gets upset
when she hears that, but I can't. Maybe
it will change when I have kids.
What do you mean that's the end for you?
I can't live with knowing I'm ill. So,
even cuz I've I've put so much time and
effort into believing it myself. My
little breaks now when I'm like,
actually, no, I'm fine. I'm fine. If I
ever got that confirmation, I would I
would shut down. I would But it's why
it's a disorder. That's why it's not
right. It's weird.
Living with living with those thoughts
is um is not an easy thing to do. Have
you found yourself
and my business partner, you know,
you've met Dominic Greg when you used to
work with him. He went through a number
of struggles which he's been very open
about and he turned to alcohol as a way
to kind of like self-medicate. And I
remember coming downstairs and we lived
at the Mickel. Don't know if you ever
came to the
Mor in Manchester and finding him in the
early hours of the morning just drinking
with the lights off at like 3:00 a.m.
and then thinking like, "Oh, this guy's
just a piss head whatever." finding out
later that he had like some severe
anxiety, suicidal ideation, he used to
stand on the train station, he said, and
consider, you know, jumping in front of
the train and stuff.
Did you ever find yourself medicating to
try and escape some of these thoughts or
realities you were living in?
Yeah, I still do it now.
I still do it now. I I I will go out and
drink with my mates and it's not a big
problem now and nothing to worry about.
And if it was, I wouldn't be sat here
telling you about it. But I would go out
and drink with my mates and then I would
come home and carry on just drinking on
my own because the OCD the balloons fly
away and then I feel the shop shutter
goes up and I've got this release that
I've not thought about having cancer in
the past 5 hours because I' i'm i'm let
loose on on booze and then I'll come
home and then start to sober up and
don't want that. I don't want my
thoughts back again. So, I will sit
there and I will drink more and it will
get to six in the morning and the sun
that's why I I I obsess over sunrise as
well because I because I just Yeah, it's
just it's just a tough one. I can't I
struggle to sleep almost every night
because that when I get in bed, I I
think about it more and that and then
when the sunrise comes up and it's a new
day and I know I have to start again,
it's it's a tough one. So, so I I I
obsess over sunrise times and I could
probably tell you within 15 minutes
maybe when the sunrise is. I think it's
probably like 6:52 right now maybe.
What's the significance of the sun
rising? Sorry. because I panic so much
at nighttime and that's when the the the
the worst thoughts come into my brain
that I panic so much that I can't I
cannot sleep and I'm just in a circle of
thinking cancer cancer cancer and then
and then because it's like I know I need
sleep cuz I need to go and interview
this person tomorrow or present for West
Ham tomorrow. It's an important thing.
It's important for everyone. So, but I
have to be on camera. I can't have bags
under my eyes as well. So, so I see it
as an egg timer and and I'm like, "Shit,
[__] [__] [__] The sun's going to
come up." And then I've not had any
sleep and I've got to go and perform.
And so I I I'm checking my time. I I
need to know when the when the sun's
coming up, so I I I obsess over that.
Like, and another OCD thing is I always
have to turn my phone off on the 15
minutes. So I I have to look at the
time. Say it's 4:00 a.m. I have to see
that 400 for the light to turn off
before I can settle. And if I miss that
and it's 401, well, I'm up for another
14 minutes then because I need to see it
hit 4:15.
Yeah, we it's weird. And I don't mean to
sound insensitive when I say that. It's
weird because because I have it myself.
But it is it's an unusual thing. Um, but
there are a lot of people out there that
have a similar thing. So, hit me up on
DMs. Maybe we can have a chat.
Did you sleep last night?
Not really.
Really?
Not it. If there's any talk of death in
any capacity, I will relate that back to
myself. And obviously, I lost my dog
last night. So, I was just Yeah, just up
thinking, yeah, it's weird because even
though all that all those thoughts
plague me and like this is like a
therapy session for me, like talking
about this because I've Fiona has heard
this a hundred times and then no one
else has really heard it. But, um, even
though those thoughts plague me, I am
really happy. H
I just am.
So last night you find out your dog's
passed away and you
that sends you into sort of a spiral
thinking about death more broadly and
yourself.
Mhm.
Um and that keeps you up last night.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I I'm in a bit of a
in in a bit of a routine at the moment
where like I've had like two three hours
sleep, have a really busy day today,
drive back to Norwich, and then probably
have two three hours sleep tonight. two,
three hour until I become exhausted and
then I can just sleep all the way
through one night and it's a reset. So
like I just work until I can't anymore.
But the the thing you were saying about
Doming at like 3:00 in the morning like
that is that is I've been that guy. I've
been that guy 150,000 times like
Yeah.
So I I I when you said it, I could I
could envision him there because I've
I've been him. M the thing that you said
about your drinking pattern that I can
really relate to is with all my mates,
we'd like come home after like being in
Manchester or whatever and our like
drinking arc, if it was a graph, goes
like up and then plateaus cuz we're like
we've had enough. But what you said is
that you wanted to carry on drinking
because you didn't want the sober
thoughts back. And that's exactly what I
used to see in Dom. I used to look at
him and thinking, why does he never want
the party to stop? Why does he never
want anyone to go home? Why does he
always It seems like once he's had one,
it's a straight line upwards until he is
incapable of pouring another.
Yeah.
Whereas I was I would be like I'd have
three and then tail off and then want to
be in bed by like 2:00 a.m.
Right. Yeah. And so I have mates that
are like you and I'm the dom in my group
and and I can't I could never understand
the use. I can never understand how why
are you not why do you not want to carry
on like like it doesn't make it doesn't
make sense. It's such a release for me,
such a break from my everyday thoughts.
What? Like, I just assume everyone's
gonna be the same. Like, you just want
to go to bed and lay there with those
thoughts. Like, no way. Like, let's just
carry on and see the birds come up.
Fiona,
tell me about that. you know, it's it's
it's hard enough um having a partner
anyway when you're busy and you're, you
know, focused on building your career as
I found out, but um one when you're
dealing with difficult thoughts often,
it can make it, I guess, an exacerbating
factor. So, it can become more
difficult.
She's just the best thing that's ever
happened to me. Like, she's just [__]
incredible. Like, she will sit there and
listen to me until 6:00, 7:00 in the
morning, just every time just talk about
things. That's regardless of if I've
been drinking or not because I've I feel
this podcast may make it sound like
that's what I do all the time. It's not
like I will do that more frequently than
most people. I probably have two of
those nights a month where I stay up
until the silly hours. Um but compared
to where I used to be, it's it's it's
not it's it's fine. But she will just
sit there and listen and she's not a
drinker. She never drinks. Um so she'll
come out on a night out and we'll just
be high on life which is brilliant and
beautiful and I wish I had a bit of
that. um I don't so we're very much
chalk and cheese in that respect but she
keeps me going and there was a time in
December where I'd stayed up too late
and uh so it was now the early hours of
Sunday morning and anxiety was running
through my veins and I said I'm not
going to go to work on Monday and I was
hosting something for West Ham I said I
can't do it I said I can't look people
in the eyes I said the OCD is too much
I'm I'm shaking I'm panicking I can't
face it and she said oh you will do it I
said don't force me to do it fee please,
I don't want to do it. She said, "I'm
not going to force you." She I got up in
bed and she had uh packed all my stuff
that I needed and my laptop and put it
in the car and then when I was ready,
she was like, "I've run you a bath.
You're going to get a bath and then
we're going to go to London. Booked the
hotel." I went hotel, woke up the next
day, presented for West Ham, done a good
job, smashed it, went driving home the
next day, I was bit teary eyed and was
like, "I need you to just push me into
things." because if I hadn't have done
that, I would have just been hating
myself for ages. So, she's very much my
rock and uh sounds a bit bit cheesy and
that, but I would not be making content
now if it wasn't for her.
What an amazing person.
She's [__] beautiful, mate. Yeah,
she's Yeah, she's incredible.
She's incredible. Some of the advice she
gives me and stuff, it's like And when I
met her, she was having bad panic
attacks and I didn't know panic attacks
were a thing. I really didn't. We was in
Covent Garden and we and she just
started shaking and sat sat on the floor
and I was like, "What the [__] going
on here?" And now she and and she would
she would do no public kind of if I was
doing any public events, she didn't want
to be there. She didn't want to be
whatever. And now it's completely
flipped. I've brought her into my world
whether she wanted to or not. She's been
a byproduct of me for so long and now
I'm a byproduct of her and she's
she's my backbone and she's she's got
all of her anxiety seemingly under
control. I'm sure she'd tell me if not.
She doesn't have panic attacks and now
I'm that guy
and she's So yeah, shout to Fiona. Shout
to Fiona.
Hero.
It's so lovely to hear you talk with
such um admiration about her as well cuz
guys can sometimes they either avoid
talking about their partners or they're
they're a bit too tough to like give
them the credit for the supporting role
they play. M
but I I think the same way with my
girlfriend who's actually upstairs now
who's been a real rock for me and a real
stabilizing force and really like helped
me focus on what actually matters in
life is like really I think with my
girlfriend she probably I don't know if
she's even through the curtain and she
can hear me but she doesn't particularly
care about what I've achieved doesn't
seem to care at all when I if I like if
I made if I made loads of money it's
more about the other things
like in terms of being connected to my
family and being a good human being
those are the kind of things she drives
me on but um
fees the same yeah Yeah, like me and my
my family, if I go around my ns on
Christmas day, we're all like we get I I
love my family, of course I do, but
we'll watch TV, the Christmas specials,
whatever's on. We'll go around Fiona's
house. Her family never turn the TV on
for the for three or four days over the
Christmas period. They sit there and
they talk and they love each other and
they embrace each other. And for me,
it's I'm like, this is weird. Like, this
is oldfashioned, like
old school values.
Yeah. But she just she's she's just so
full of love and
she just Yeah. She just brings everyone
closer. She She walks into a room, she
brightens it. So,
you want to be a dad someday?
Jeez. Yeah, I do.
Why Why was that question difficult?
I don't know. I don't I'm I'm
We Me and Fee have spoken about it a lot
cuz I'm 29 now. Soon in two weeks. So,
I'm getting I feel like I have to kind
of soon. Um
You have to kind of soon.
Yeah. I have to have a kid soon surely.
Like says who? I don't want to be what
this I don't want to be a dad that's
like 60 when they're like 20. So like I
don't want to be I don't I can't have a
kid when I'm 40 then.
But do you want to have a kid?
Yeah, I do want to have a kid. I'd be a
great kid. I'd be a great dad.
But ideally not soon.
Yeah. I said when I was early 20s I said
by the time I'm 25.
And then when I was 25 I said by the
time I'm 27.
And then now I'm saying by the time I'm
30.
But I've got just under 13 months. So I
don't think that's going to happen. And
Fiona's just had a um her sister's just
had a baby. So Fiona's just become an
auntie and we love the little baby. Of
course we do. But
it's hard work and I can give it back
when I'm done.
Does it feel a bit scary for a lot of
people? It's it's quite a scary prospect
for me. It's a little bit of a scary
prospect too because I think what am I
going to have to sacrifice to I don't
want to sacrifice anything.
You have to sacrifice something to find
time, right? And
Sure.
You're very career driven.
Yes.
Yeah. I I just sort of run about from
place to place
talking to people on a camera like
I could have a kid and fe could stay at
home and edit but
I love my life so much I don't want it
to change right now.
Are you going to have a kid?
I hope so. I hope so.
I'm like looking through the curtain. My
girlfriend's there. What's your um You
know you're talented right there though,
Jack? You know what your talent is,
right?
Yeah.
What do you think your talent is?
It's a difficult question to ask people
because it makes them feel
uncomfortable. But what would you if you
had to say like the reason I am sat here
today and the root cause of my success?
What would you diagnose if you were
talking about Jackmate from like a third
party perspective?
I think I can speak to most people on
their level. So you can put me next to
um KSI, you can put me next to Deborah
Megan
and I'll be able to get a laugh out of
them
and when they know the real me and I'm
not trying to be Jack, mate, I think
that's a good I think that's a good
person. And I've never been the best
YouTuber. It's probably why I don't do
the typical YouTube anymore. I'm not the
best presenter,
but I'm one of the best podcasters,
I would say. And I've found what it is I
love and what it is I'm good at. So, I
would say I'm a really good talker.
I would I would completely agree. I
think you're much more talented than you
give yourself credit for, actually. I
look at some of the stuff you do
specifically with presenting actually
and podcasting but presenting and
podcasting and it's clearly it's almost
a bit like Will Brazier like clearly a
real talent that is in my view like
impossible to replicate
like I like and you talked about
potentially in the future doing some
standup stuff. I saw you talking about
that before.
You'd be great at that
and I could never do like I don't
believe I could ever I shouldn't be such
a pessimistic person. You did you've
been doing big theater productions,
right? Glad
I'm not there making people I'm not
trying to make people laugh. I'm trying
to make them cry. It's like it's like a
completely
Yeah. But that's a fine line in comedy.
If you can make if you can make someone
cry, you can make someone laugh. It's
all about emotions.
That's what it's all about.
Do you know what it is? It's like the
labels we give ourselves. And I've never
labeled myself as like a funny person.
I've never told myself that I can make
people laugh. Whereas you do that. You
do that very almost like effortlessly.
And I think to be honest, I think you've
been practicing since you were a kid as
you've said. So,
I did um I did two shows um opening up
for Max Foch in November
and they were the best moments ever
of your life.
Yeah.
And that that was standup.
Yeah. Yeah. I feel a bit silly saying it
because Max Foch did an hour
beautiful show um and it it was called
Zial Butterfly. um it was spelled with a
zed for for a reason that becomes clear
in the show, but he he had um
presentations and everything. And he
came on my podcast. I said, "Oh, you're
a real standup now. You've just done a
tour all up and down the country." He
was like, "No, I don't feel like a stand
up cuz I had these aids and it was
almost just whatever." And I was then I
felt like an idiot because I'd just done
five minutes opening up for him and I
was putting online that I've just done
my dream. I've But I had I had I was I
was I was so nervous. I I I pretty much
had a panic attack before I went out. I
was looking at FE going I can't do it.
Shaking. Couldn't do it. couldn't do it.
Had all my little jokes written on my
hand there, but they already they'd
already sweated off. And I tell you
what, Steve, like I put myself down a
lot. And we've spoken about
self-deprecating humor. I went out on
stage. Max Fos just suddenly went,
"Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the
stage, Jackman." I went out and that was
what I was meant to be doing. Like I
everything any comedian told me on my
podcast came to me in that moment. And I
learned that and applied it on the
stage. And I had people eating out the
palm of my hand and I would make a joke
and I would but when I did a bit of
standup years ago, I rushed through it
cuz I wanted it to be over. I was in the
moment and I was able to live in the
moment and leave pauses and hit beats
and it was well good. I walked out and
the guy in in the front row had my merch
on.
So
there's one guy here that knows so I was
able to talk to him.
You want to do that more?
Yeah, I will do it now. Now I know I can
do it. I will do it. There's no surely
there's no feeling like that like in
front of people live and they're just
you know
hearing that laugh is
I've never done heroin but I imagine
that's what it's like to do
to get that hit
and I want that I want that back. That
was like the biggest rush that I've felt
in in a long time.
And you are you thinking about doing
that as a hap under the happy hour
brand?
I think I'll do a happy hour show um
whatever that may be. But then I also
want to do a
stand
Jack Dean or Jack Mate standup show. Um
I've got loads and loads of standup bits
written down. I've I've got notepads and
MacBooks full of full of jokes. So
there's nothing like it. There's nothing
like the real world.
We get kind of lost in the the digital
world as like content creators or
whatever. But last night and the last
few nights at the padium have been the
most
like uh nothing has made me feel as
alive as that. So
anyway, Israel, I should know I don't
normally say this, but [__] it. You
know, Israel was here yesterday, so you
know it's the questions from him.
Usually, we don't tell people who the
question is from,
right?
But Israel Adisagna
wrote a question for you. Bear in
mind, this is the this is the goat of
fighting.
This is the goat, right?
Yeah.
He wrote a question for you. He wrote,
and you got to answer this with total
honesty. That's the only rule here. You
got to answer it with detail. He said,
"How are you truly feeling?"
Content.
I was going to say happy,
but I still have some issues I need to
iron out. So, I'm content and I feel
privileged to be where I am.
That's what I'll say. You probably
wanted a better answer, but there we go.
It's all you getting.
Perfect. Thank you so much. Thank you
for your time and I'm so glad we finally
got to do this cuz you've been an
inspiration for me. I I think centrally
because of your willingness to be so
open and honest with things and I don't
think you'll ever see the impact that
that openness has on thousands hundreds
of thousands and millions of people.
It's like I think more people need to do
need to to find within themselves to do
that because as you've said today it's
liberating for you like the therapy of
just being able to say it kind of lifts
the weight but it also lifts the weight
for everybody listening and so I applaud
you for that and your self-awareness
about the journey you've come on as a
creator as a man and your maturity. So
thank you. It's a pleasure to sit here
and thank you for the inspiration.
No, thank you mate. Means a lot and
thank you for having me on the show.
It's a great show. So um yeah, let's do
mine and we'll speak about your favorite
sandwich.
Let's go do it.
Heat. Heat. N.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.